# I'm João Jorge and welcome GitHub Profile! 👋
👋 Recent Integrated Masters in Computer Science graduate with a passion for AI and autonomous systems. 💻 Excited about leveraging technology to create intelligent and autonomous solutions that improve lives and drive innovation. 🤖 Constantly exploring new ideas and technologies to expand knowledge and skills in the field. Let's collaborate and build the future together! 🚀

## Experience

- 2024 [GMV Portugal] - Master Thesis in Multiple Autonomous Drone Mission Planning  - 1 year
- 2023 [In-Nova] - Member of Projects Department - 6 months
- 2022 [KPMG] - Internship in Natural Language Processing - 3 months

## Events

- [Spring Hackaton] - Participated in a high-energy hackathon event, collaborating with diverse teams to brainstorm, develop, and prototype innovative solutions to real-world problems within a 48h timeframe.
- [Samsung Inovation Campus AI Course] - Samsung Innovation Campus is part of Samsung Electronics’ vision for its global citizenship initiative, Enabling People, focused on the technologies that will help shape the future.
- [Huawei Seeds for the Future] - Program about the future of technology. Attended courses in 5G, AI, Cloud Computing and Digital Power. Presented a pitch with a unique idea to solve one of humanities problems.

🌟 **Projects:**

- InteractiFly🦋 – A dynamic Social Media App crafted using React Native. Our mission is simple: to foster connections among people and communities, while seamlessly bridging the gap between users and the events that pique their interest.
- FilterBond – A collaboration with a Portuguese air filter supplier. Our innovative platform empowers clients to effortlessly input their specific filter requirements and receive instant quotes generated by an AI model trained on the company's extensive data.

💻 **Tech Stack:**
- Programming Languages: Java, C, C# .NET, Go, Rust, Python
- Technologies: Kubernetes, Docker, Spring, React Native
- Tools: Git, GitHub, VS Code, IntelliJ IDEA, Jupyter Notebook
